---
layout: post
title: First day of losing weight 
---
  
 Today's weight: 110.06 KG

 Day: Friday
 
 Excersie: Swimming
 
 Time of writing blog: 18:00pm
 
 Music Playlist: [Lit Proximity Bangers](https://open.spotify.com/user/11135879519/playlist/7AWHvr0MnBKA9Ho9WWFWWP), [BASSY BASS MUSIC](https://open.spotify.com/user/11135879519/playlist/4GRVNTRGPZVViSAuQyrn3W)
 
 Hello, this is my first post on this blog, and as it is my my first post, I shall start off by answering some questions that people who stumble on this site might have. 
 
 First, this blog is for me to keep track of my progress and to see what works for me, when it comes to me meeting my goal of losing weight. 
 
 Second this blog is so I can share my ideas and attract potential employeers
 
 Now moving onto general information about me. 
 
 My full name is Yuri Nunes Alves. 
 
 I am currently 18, born on the 22 January 1999. 
 
 I am currently living in Guernsey, which is currently freezing. For people who don't know of Guernsey, it is a small island, south of England, we are also know as the Channel Island or the island next to Jersey. 
 
 I am currently a business studies student in my first year at the Guernsey College of Further Education. 
 
 My future goals are to get to the ideal weight by the end of the year, get a good paying job(maybe as a lawyer), and have fun with everything in life, as I feel if you don't, life would be dull
 
 I plan to lose weight by going to the gym everyday for atleast 2 hours and lose 900+ calories, however on saturdays and sundays I plan on doing 4 hours of gym. 
 
 END
 
 I got to my GYM[(Kings premier health club)](http://kings.gg) at 18:18, I walked for 18 mins, which I am happy about as I usually take 25 mins. 
 
 19:26. I did a 1 hour breast stroke session of swimming, and am feeling really refreshed, and now it is time to go home but before that I am going to buy some orange juice, to drink while walking home and listening to "Im at all time low" by John "The Ragin Cajun" Jones, which is my favourite song for now.
 
 (Random thought) I really love living in town, as I get to constantly smell amazing food, like the steak I smelled from someones house. does anyone feel this too? 
 
 Got home at 20:00. I now am going to have eat dinner, watch some anime, and then get some sleep. I will see you in my next post tomorrow. 

